Updating Signature information (#75)
SAP/cloud-sdk-ios: README.md

 > Quoting the SAP support site, *“you can download the SAP products that are associated with your S-user ID. While every visitor can browse the list of software products without any special permissions, downloading files requires the Software Download authorization; to request it, contact a user administrator in your company.”* This restriction also applies to the cloud shipment channel.

## Digital Signature of Frameworks

> Xcode 15 automatically verifies your app's dependencies and protects your supply chain integrity by alerting you if an issue is detected.
> Xcode now shows a new section in the Inspector that displays the signature status for the xcframeworks you include within your app.
> Our XcFrameworks are signed by Apple Developer Program Identity with Team ID - "7R5ZEU67FQ" just like below screenshot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SAP SE signs the XCFrameworks from SAP BTP SDK for iOS with Team ID "7R5ZEU67FQ".

> Note: Xcode 15 and above will automatically verify your app's dependencies and protect your supply chain integrity by alerting you if an issue is detected. Xcode shows a section in the Inspector that displays the signature status for the XCFrameworks you include within your app.
```
